README.md, before:

## Sand Tetris

[![Donate via Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Stripe-green.svg)](https://buy.stripe.com/00gbJZ0OdcNs9zi288)<br>
[![Donate via Bitcoin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Bitcoin-green.svg)](bitcoin:37fsp7qQKU8XoHZGRQvVzQVP8FrEJ73cSJ)<br>

Tetris with abelian sandpile models.  Jk it's with sand.

[![sand tetris](http://img.youtube.com/vi/CUb2mFn1CUY/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/CUb2mFn1CUY)

## Dependencies:

- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-template
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-ext
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-ffi-bindings
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/vec-ffi-lua
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-image
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-gl
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-glapp
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-imgui
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-imguiapp

## TODO:

- option for multipalyer sharing next-pieces vs separate next-pieces 
- varying board width for # of players
- gameplay mode for higher # colors goes up for # of lines made / score
- SPH stuff, exploding pieces, tilting board, obstacles in the board, etc
- dif music per level
- faster blob detection

## Music Credit:

```
Desert City Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Exotic Plains by Darren Curtis | https://www.darrencurtismusic.com/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
Creative Commons CC BY 3.0
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

Ibn Al-Noor Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Market Day RandomMind
Music: https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Return of the Mummy Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Temple Of Endless Sands by Darren Curtis | https://www.darrencurtismusic.com/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
Creative Commons CC BY 3.0
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

The Legend of Narmer by WombatNoisesAudio | https://soundcloud.com/user-734462061
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
```

Commit message:

always asks for high score

README.md, after:

## Sand Tetris

[![Donate via Stripe](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Stripe-green.svg)](https://buy.stripe.com/00gbJZ0OdcNs9zi288)<br>
[![Donate via Bitcoin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-Bitcoin-green.svg)](bitcoin:37fsp7qQKU8XoHZGRQvVzQVP8FrEJ73cSJ)<br>

Tetris with abelian sandpile models.  Jk it's with sand.

[![sand tetris](http://img.youtube.com/vi/CUb2mFn1CUY/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/CUb2mFn1CUY)

## Dependencies:

- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-template
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-ext
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-ffi-bindings
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/vec-ffi-lua
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-image
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-gl
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-glapp
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-imgui
- https://github.com/thenumbernine/lua-imguiapp

## TODO:

- option for multipalyer-coop sharing next-pieces vs separate next-pieces 
- multiplayer-versus where you can drop sand on your opponent
	and a color that they have to clear-touching to reveal to other random colors
	like that other etris game ...
- notification of score-modifier for chaining lines
- varying board width for # of players
- save custom colors in config
- gameplay mode using higher # colors 
- SPH stuff, exploding pieces, tilting board, obstacles in the board, etc
- dif music per level
- faster blob detection
- submit high scores? meh.

## Music Credit:

```
Desert City Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Exotic Plains by Darren Curtis | https://www.darrencurtismusic.com/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
Creative Commons CC BY 3.0
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

Ibn Al-Noor Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Market Day RandomMind
Music: https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Return of the Mummy Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)
Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/

Temple Of Endless Sands by Darren Curtis | https://www.darrencurtismusic.com/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
Creative Commons CC BY 3.0
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

The Legend of Narmer by WombatNoisesAudio | https://soundcloud.com/user-734462061
Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
Music promoted by https://www.chosic.com/free-music/all/
```
